simon please
because it is sir they were with the lawyer of the
own land that I would like to
to count on me here is a property
particular at least one invitation
from the green zone to a problem at school
said is that they use these people can
help if the result is instructed the pc
and mouth and now I'm talking to the
player and all is talk of coronet
colonel once the colonel then we are
talking and it allowed me to get
give a tip to a bonsai said milton
son did not see his tonic I'm tired now
to be good on 11 11 11 and has to be
being nice
just being nice
look only with our brand already achieved year
Ah, I knew you'd leave the servant alone.
doll in football afternoon is very ugly
huh
It could not be made
we'll see the next class time to cuca
I hid myself here from a witch
lost are well
the last one of good football and if there
some who are more out are sure that
Guess you 're right or wrong.
effectively does not allow you to do this
with my comadre, donate, blessed in my
book I'm going to do I there it hurts
I think it came hard when it came to
hour, my friend Colonel Teodoro Borges
and then
the full promoters strans the risk back
the boy from lack of anything else I want
everybody put their children aside
Who understands does not want to under anybody
understood